Ah!
Uh-huh.
This function detoxifies
It was my brother's heroic spirit who saved me
Sister, what's going on?
You're lucky.
This pile was originally very humid.
Harmful to human body
But you are poisoned in some
The moisture combines with the toxic gases in your body
toxic attack
Plus you ate wet mushrooms
Now you are healed
I see
Sister is here because of me
As for the grace of the past
Unsentimental
a kid
Yan Fu thought of his sister after enjoying it
Hey, is your sister-in-law not bad?
or
We are together
Ah!
Ah Xu, what happened to you just now?
Yeah.
I'm alright, sister-in-law
Ah Xu, you just scared me to death
It's fine
Sister-in-law, don't worry.
We will be fine in the future.